what you know about reviews hey YouTube
what's up should I get it and today
we're gonna be taking a look at the
agile wireless Bluetooth keyboard for
our manly review if you guys did not for
some reason see the first look in
unboxings keyboard feel free to hit that
annotation at the top left of this video
go see what's included in the box talk a
little bit more about the price and then
come back for final review if not
completely stick around so as you guys
can see here this keyboard looks very
nice and it is definitely a competitor
to the Apple of wireless Bluetooth
keyboard now it fits in with my Mac set
up perfectly
it matches the aluminum of my iMac and
it looks like it just belongs right here
on my desk with my minor
now one reason that I like the SEO
keyboard a lot more than the standard
Apple one is that it is very very easy
to clean as you can see here because
it's still shiny white and looking brand
new and it also has the shortcut keys
like yeah we wanted to play pause
fast-forward you volume down volume up
jets but you also get the F 13 to f-16
keys so you actually have more keys
which means you have to figure keyboard
get more functionality and also for
people like me with larger hands
it is definitely nice to have more room
to rest your hands on the keyboard now I
really like this keyboard because
easy to set up and the instructions were
very clear and simple now if you guys
want to keyboard it that will let you go
wireless
then this is definitely the keyboard for
you and I would definitely say that you
should get it do you guys have any
questions please leave them in the
comments below what you know about
reviews